# User Story 5: Recreating a Deleted Playlist
## == Finals Weekend ==
User is a high school student a week before finals. They used our app once before to create a great study playlist for bad weather, but accidentally deleted it. There is going to be a huge thunderstorm right before finals that the user plans to spend listening to chill studying music too inside for the entire weekend. The user uses our app to make an extremely chill mostly non-lyrical type playlist to accompany their intense study session just like the old one.

## == Birthday Party ==
While organizing photos from her birthday party last Saturday, the user recalled that the playlist generated by the app that day was very popular among her friends. Also, she remembered that there were several great songs that she hadn't heard before. But she was too busy having fun with her friends to check the name of those songs. Using the app's 'Past Playlist' feature, she can now browse the calendar and click last Saturday's date. The playlist generated for that day will pop out and then she can share the entire playlist with her friends, browse every song in the playlist, and use those songs as the background music for her party Vlog. She can also bookmark this playlist and name it "35th Birthday Party". In the future, the named playlist helps her better recall the great memory of that day.

## Technical
After our user logs in with Spotify by entering their username and password, our app will display a playlist calendar. After clicking the date which the user would like to look into, the page will display past playlists with the options they used to create it in a table format. The table will show when, what weather, the specific Spotify modifiers used to create it, and also a button to recreate the playlist. If the playlist still exists (or one has the same name), then the playlist will be created with a number after it marking it as a sequel version. 
Our user presses the recreate playlist button and our app collects their liked songs, finds their spotify algorithmic stats, then looks at the stats to determine which songs should go into the playlist. After the playlist is finished being created, our site prompts the user telling them the playlist with the same name as the old playlist was created.

 
